The function of the following commands:
	- ILOAD: Loads some given int from a local variable
	- IINC: Increment some local variable by a given constant
	- GOTO: an unconditional jump

Explain how this bytecode (lines 1-39) corresponds to the Java code. In particular, explain how assignments, loops etc. are implemented. 

Line 1-4:
	Creates a static method (0x9)
	creates the static method (0x9) and names it.
	L0 used as a labeler to indicate the start of the function
	"public static sum_for(I)I" displays that an integer is used in the function, but also an integer is returned.

Lines 5-6
	creates the constant by pushing it onto the stack and then stores it in the local variable i.

Lines 7-9
	
	L1 marks the "sum" variable
	Again creates another constant and pushes it onto the stack.
	Stores the constant in the stack in the local variable which is "sum".

Lines 10-14
	L2 marks the start of the for loop
	"Line number 5 L2" represents the 5th line in the code
	Stores the constant to the stack
	reinitializes i by storing the value in the local variable
	GOTO L3 is an unconditional jump to the L3 marker

Lines 15-21
	L4 marks the start of the body of the loop
	Corresponds to some data in line 6
	"Frame APPEND [I I]" updates local variables to input the two different integers
	"ILOAD 2" loads the value of sum into the stack
	"ILOAD 1" loads the value of the i variable onto the stack.
	"IADD" adds the two variables together
	"ISTORE 2" again loads the new value of sum into the stack.

Lines 22-24
	L5 marks the end of the body of the loop
	"LINENUMBER 5 L5" refers back to the 5th line of code
	Increments the local variable, in this case, "i" by 1.

lines 25-29
	L3 marks the start of the checking of loop conditions
	"FRAME SAME" indicates no new variables were created or initialized.
	Loads the local variable "i" into the stack.
	Loads the new variable "n", the method parameter, onto the stack.
	"IF_ICMPLE L4" Jumps to L4 to work on the body of the loop if the right conditions are met.
Lines 30-34
	L6 marks the end of the loop
	Refers back to line 8 of the code.
	loads the local variable sum onto the stack
	Returns the int value that is on top of the stack.
	L7 marks the end of the method
Lines 35-39
	All data that relates to the parameters and local variables of the method
	
	